Confiz interview question:
Linklist
1-findMiddle.
2.find loop from link list i know you can do it but also remove loop
3-write isBST function.
4-reverse the linklist
OOP Questions
1-can we make static classes
2-purpose of static classes
3-scope of static objects
4-static variables
5-calling of non static method nd data members in static functions
6-calling of static functions nd data members in non static functions
These questions are all related to java concepts nd c++
7-abstraction(not abstract classes)
8-calling of grand parent method from child in java
Design patterns
1-proxy pattern
2-observer pattern
Coding part
1-write binary search code
2-find key if size of the array not known in minimum time complexity
3-print first left child thn right child from a tree.
4-find subsequence arrays from a array
Operating system
1-If we have to build a new operating system thn wht necessary features should be in it.
2-if 32 bit window is thn wht will be the memory size
Compiler construction
1-how compiler identify tokens,semantics,parse tree.open discussion.
Database
1-how to represnt 1 to many relation in database schema if employee(id,name) works for department(id,name)
2-if employee table has attributes e_id,name,d_id thn what is the purpose of using foreign key d_id means why we are making composite key(e_id,d_id)
3-normalization,indexing,anomolies etc.

1- Find if a string has a palindrom e.g "abac" is not a palindrom but has "aba" substring that's a palindrom.

2- You have an array of 100000 elements containing numbers in range 0-100.. Your task is to make a function that return a new array of unique elements found in given one.

3- Consecutive maximum sequence in an array e.g in array = {1,6,4,2,3,7,8} the max sub sequence is {1,2,3,4}

Theoretical:
Garbage collector , class , encapsulation , Interface , Object vs instance
Hashing

Operating system:
Locks , Addressable memory , Thread vs process

Networking:
OSI model , link layer of OSI

DB:
Denormalization and its benifits

Analytical part:
You have 8 bottles (1 with poison in it). You can't distinguish that bottle by any thing like color, taste.. Now there are 3 person and unko bottle pila k apne batana he k kis me poison tha...