1. Write a program to find factorial of the given number...
2. Write a program to check whether the given number is even or odd.
3. Write a program to swap two numbers using a temporary variable.
4. Write a program to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable.
5. Write a program to swap two numbers using bit-wise operators.
6. Write a program to find the greatest of three numbers.
7. Write a program to find the greatest among ten numbers.
8. Write a program to check whether the given number is a prime.
9. Write a program to check whether the given number is a palindrome c number.
10.Write a program to check whether the given string is a palindrome .
11.Write a program to generate the Fibonacci series.
12.Write a program to print"Hello World"without using semicolon anywhere in the code.
13.Write a program to print a semicolon without using a semicolon anywhere in the code.
14.Write a program to compare two strings without using strcmp() function.
15.Write a program to concatenate e two strings without using strcat() function.
16.Write a program to delete a specified line from a text file.
17.Write a program to replace a specified line in a text file.
18.Write a program to find the number of lines in a text file..
19.Write a C program which asks the user for a number between 1 to 9 and shows the number. If the user
inputs a number out of the specified range, the program should show an error and prompt the user for a
valid input.
20.Write a program to display the multiplication tion table of a given number..
21.WAP to check a string is Palindromic e or not.
22.WAP to print DONE,without using any loop.

 Able to write daily diary and save it on the bases of date.

·       For each day you can save pictures  related to that day

·       With the picture you can also save the location from where that picture is taken.
23.WAP to print DONE,without using any loop and any conditional clause or operators.
24. WAP to find out the longest word in a string.
25.Prog of WORLD MAP.
26.WAP to print the triangle of letters in increasing order of lines..
27.WAP to print'xay'in place of everything a string.
28.Count the Total Number of 7 coming between 1 to 100.
29.Code for duplicate' s removal
30. WAP to find out if a given number is a power series of 2 or not,without any loop and without using % modulo operator.